Dear Friend,
I don’t know if I even have the right to call you one anymore.
If nothing else, let this note serve as a confession to the police

I’ll get straight to the point:
I killed Alok
I know you won’t forgive me; and I don’t expect you to. But please, hear my whole story.

I have had psychological issues since childhood.
I got my first depressive episode when I was only 9 years of age and they only got worse after.
My parents’ reaction to it made me repress later emotions.
I was a kid when I realised expressing emotions was a weakness.
But that didn’t mean I didn’t feel them.

At 14, I went through my first major depressive episode. I randomly had outbursts of anger.
I have been having those ever since. One night, I got so frustrated
I went to the kitchen, grabbed a knife, and went out of my house.
A neighbour was sleeping outside as it was cooler outside; I was determined to kill him. I didn’t, obviously.
I knew the consequences.

I stayed away from people close to me, then. I later did get help. I tried so hard to be normal.
I understood I could only act like normal. And that’s what I did for the rest my life.
In time, I almost stopped feeling altogether. I only felt strong, negative emotions
like perpetual sadness and anger and frustration. And most of all, the violent urges.

I kept it in control, yes. But whenever Alok made fun of me,
I was reminded of all those times when my parents and ‘friends’ turned a blind eye to my cries of help;
and joked about it or said how I was at fault. The worst part was, I think they were right.

Yesterday, something snapped. Alok looked at me and saw the anger in my eyes before we went to bed.
That’s why he was ‘shaken’. I decided to sleep over it. But it was no better after I woke up.
I put up my calm face as always. But later in the bathroom I wept.
I decided to end my problem once and for all.

Alok was a heavy sleeper. When I came out of the bathroom, I could only see one person (you know who).
So I went to Alok’s room, carefully removed the curtain rod, and sat on his hands.
He barely woke up when I strangulated the life out of him.
But now one of the only people I genuinely cared about is getting tried for murder.
I just can’t take it anymore. I am weak. I’ve felt like a burden to others all my life.
And the arrest has only confirmed it.

I hope there isn’t any afterlife because I don’t want any more of this never-ending pain.
But if there is, I will miss you. I just hope I was worthy enough for you to miss me.

Goodbye

Signed,
Aarushi
Murderer (that’s all I am now, aren't I?)